# Saving_Money_Via_A_Predictive_Model
## Description
This was my final write up of my data science capstone project, in which we were given a dataset from a nearby tech company in Grand Rapids. They wanted us to answer the following question, if a client provides a prompt of a computer part they need repaired, then can we accurately predict what part requires repair based off of that prompt? Firstly, the making of this predictive model would greatly help in reducing the cost of repairs, since the engineers tasked with the repair can make a single roundtrip instead of multiple roundtrips. Secondly, our team have not encounted such a problem and dataset, so we had to educate ourselves on how to tackle such a problem. Our team was tasked with learning NLP, (Natural Language Processing), a process where words are turned into numerical values that we can then use to see what is most correlated with the computer part we want repaired. Our team cleaned, analyzed and built a predictive model.
## Results
Our team was able to get an accuracy of 87.3%. And after conviening with some of the employees that worked on this project previously, they were amazed at the accuracy we were able to acheieve. After acheiving this, we also implemented a feature in which the user could type in their own prompt, and our model would try to predict it. Also, we ran a seperate version of the model again but only sampled a small portion of it, we were only able to get an accuracy of 58.6%, a lot less than our initial model, but we did lose about 90% for this version. We did the same procedure where the user could type in a prompt and our model would try to predict it. 
## How to view
Simply click on Saving_Money_Via_A_Predictive_Model.ipynb to view the full writeup our team gave to both the professor and the employees that worked on this previously.
